README.md, before:


<h1>
  <img src="https://emojis.slackmojis.com/emojis/images/1531849430/4246/blob-sunglasses.gif?1531849430" width="30"/>
  Hola!
  I'm Mateo. 
</h1>

## 🏗️ My Software Projects 

[EasySpec](https://github.com/punamateo/easySpec) - The FullStack Spec Driven Development Framework
[AI Clone] () - A genAI infra that allows me to save 100+ hours on content creation
[Something Artsy] () - A beautiful SaaS B2c that allow non-artists express their feelings easily. The moat is not the technique but your expresiveness.
[Something for DRS] () -  A job board that allows you to get the best job offers, provides salary transparency and helps you with job search advice an AI tools.

## 🌐 My Social Media Projects

[Dev Remoto Simple](https://www.devremotosimple.com/) - Tech Community for building global things from Latam ![Website Status](https://img.shields.io/website?url=https%3A%2F%2Fdevremotosimple.com
)

## 🔧 Technologies & Tools

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-FastAPI-informational?style=flat&logo=python&color=4b8bbe)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-NodeJS-informational?style=flat&logo=javascript&color=f0db4f)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/IDE-Antigravity-blue)

## <img height="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/innng/innng/master/assets/kyubey.gif"/> Connect With Me

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/punamateo/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/punamateo/)
[![GitHub Mateo](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/punamateo)](https://github.com/punamateo)


* 6 years of experience as a developer, focusing on Python, Node.JS and JavaScript backend
  
* 0-1 building nerd.

* I am passionate about art, the future of Software Engineering and Tech Startups in Latam


* I am from Bolivia! Happy to chat about Latin American politics and idiosincracy :bolivia:
<!--
**mateopuna98/mateopuna98** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Enhance README with personal passion and project links
Added a new section about passion for Human-Computer interaction and updated project descriptions.

README.md, after:


<h1>
  <img src="https://emojis.slackmojis.com/emojis/images/1531849430/4246/blob-sunglasses.gif?1531849430" width="30"/>
  Hola!
  I'm Mateo. 
</h1>

I am passionate with the evolution of Human-Computer interaction with AI. 

## 🏗️ My Software Projects 

[EasySpec](https://github.com/punamateo/easySpec) - The FullStack Spec Driven Development Framework
[AI Clone] () - A genAI infra that allows me to save 100+ hours on content creation
[Something Artsy] () - A beautiful SaaS B2c that allow non-artists express their feelings easily. The moat is not the technique but your expresiveness.
[Something for DRS] () -  A job board that allows you to get the best job offers, provides salary transparency and helps you with job search advice an AI tools.

## 🌐 My Social Media Projects

[Dev Remoto Simple](https://www.devremotosimple.com/) - Tech Community for building global things from Latam ![Website Status](https://img.shields.io/website?url=https%3A%2F%2Fdevremotosimple.com
)

## 🔧 Technologies & Tools

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-FastAPI-informational?style=flat&logo=python&color=4b8bbe)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-NodeJS-informational?style=flat&logo=javascript&color=f0db4f)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/IDE-Antigravity-blue)

## <img height="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/innng/innng/master/assets/kyubey.gif"/> Connect With Me

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/punamateo/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/punamateo/)
[![GitHub Mateo](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/punamateo)](https://github.com/punamateo)


* 6 years of experience as a developer, focusing on Python, Node.JS and JavaScript backend
  
* 0-1 building nerd.

* I am passionate about art, the future of Software Engineering and Tech Startups in Latam


* I am from Bolivia! Happy to chat about Latin American politics and idiosincracy :bolivia:
<!--
**mateopuna98/mateopuna98** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
